feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/frechet/logpdf` (#5249)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/frechet/logpdf/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/frechet/logpdf.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_frechet_logpdf( x, alpha, s, m )

> Returns the the logarithm of probability density function for a Fréchet distribution with shape `alpha`, scale `s`, and location `m` at a value `x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the logarithm of the [probability density function][pdf] (PDF) for a [Fréchet][frechet-distribution] distribution with shape `alpha`, scale `s`, and location `m` at a value `x`.
```

```c
double y = stdlib_base_dists_frechet_logpdf( 10.0, 2.0, 3.0, 2.0 );
// returns ~-3.489
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **x**: `[in] double` input value.
-   **alpha**: `[in] double` shape parameter.
-   **s**: `[in] double` scale parameter.
-   **m**: `[in] double` location parameter.

```c
double stdlib_base_dists_frechet_logpdf( const double x, const double alpha, const double s, const double m );
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

> ```c
> 
> #include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/frechet/logpdf.h"
> #include <stdlib.h>
> #include <stdio.h>

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/frechet/logpdf.h"
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdio.h>
````

static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
    double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
    return min + ( v*(max-min) );
}

int main( void ) {
    double x;
    double alpha;

>     double s;

Reviewer: This will be changed according to the above comment.

    double m;
    double y;
    int i;

    for ( i = 0; i < 10; i++ ) {
        x = random_uniform( 0.0, 10.0 );
        alpha = random_uniform( 0.0, 10.0 );
        s = random_uniform( 0.0, 10.0 );
        m = random_uniform( 0.0, 10.0 );
        y = stdlib_base_dists_frechet_logpdf( x, alpha, s, m );

>         printf( "x: %.4lf, α: %.4lf, s: %.4lf, m: %.4lf, ln(f(x;α,s,m)): %.4lf\n", x, alpha, s, m, y );

Reviewer: This will be changed according to the above comment.
